Add template for npm package (#40)
seek-oss/skuba: README.md

  a message queue is employed between the source topic and the Lambda function,
  and unprocessed events are sent to a dead-letter queue for manual triage.

- `private-npm-package`

>   Setup new npm modules on SEEK-jobs using semantic release pipeline.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should clarify this a bit for non-SEEK users. What about:

```suggestion
  Setup new private npm modules published using a semantic release pipeline.
  At the moment this only supports the `@seek` private npm org.
```

  a message queue is employed between the source topic and the Lambda function,
  and unprocessed events are sent to a dead-letter queue for manual triage.

- `private-npm-package`

>   Setup new private npm modules published using a semantic release pipeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Set up a new private npm module, published using a semantic release pipeline.
```
